Why is Tingting so miserable?
It's only been a few good days
She was so young.
How did you get such a disease?
Auntie is so sad
As I said, Tingting is still very young
As for the possibility of reaching 50%
If you can find a matching bone marrow
The chance of a cure will be greater
You mean before
In the current state of emergency
Don't let anyone know about this
OK
What do you mean I can't know?
Tingting, why did you come out?
Go back to the ward
Mom, I'm just a little anemic
What's all this fuss about?
You should also take good care of it.
I'll hospitalize you later.
I'm fine at all
I want to go home.
Okay. Go home.
Hey, Junjun can't do it.
What's the matter with you two masters?
No, no, no, your eyes are dodging
I'll know what you just said.
Be honest
Me, me, that me.
I, you, you, if you don't say anything today
I would never have been hospitalized
He's not going to get any treatment.
Don't Tingting
Actually I want to say I want to say that I
Jiaojiao
Marry Me